# Software-Test-Automation-QA

#How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure? By testing as early as possible which minimizes cost and defects. This starts with requirements gathering, modeling requirements, refining requirements, and planning system design. These steps ensure testers understand what the application is suppose to do and sets the foundation for meaningful tests. Furthermore, testers should adhere to testing principles such as creating simple, fast, clear, and meaningful tests; while avoiding bad code patterns such as duplicated and complex code. These methods improve software and reduce risk.

#How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program? User needs can be derived from requirements and ensuring code is verified and validated. This is done by analyzing the product and defining resources, scheduling, and deliverables. In addition, requirements can be clarified through user stories, interviewing stakeholders, and reading documentation. This ensures reliable code and implementation of user needs.

#How do I approach designing software? There are various SDLC models which provide their respective set of benefits and drawbacks. Following a specific model lays out a framework for designing and developing functional software. For example, an agile approach allows for collaboration and flexibilitiy. This leads to continuoius testing and feedback which decreases development time and increases functional software. However, other methods such as the waterfall model are much more linear and sequential, meaning verification and validation is often left towards the end of development. There is no right or wrong approach to designing and developing software, however, developers must understand who the clients/users are and what they expect from the system being built to design a functional, secure application while ensuring user needs are incorporated and met.
